+++
title = "Core"
description = "Core"
date = "2019-08-07"
author = ""
sec = 2
+++

The core part of RelaxedIK is at [relaxed_ik_core](https://github.com/uwgraphics/relaxed_ik_core). The core contains a Rust implementation of RelaxedIK with both a library crate and a binary crate. The library crate includes all the kinematics libraries of RelaxedIK, while the binary crate is desgined for the purpose of testing. Since the core is not designed to be run independently in general (although it is runnable), please refer to the wrappers section for more information on how to run RelaxedIK.

To introduce relaxed_ik_core, let's first talk about the previous iteration of RelaxedIK at [relaxed_ik](https://github.com/uwgraphics/relaxed_ik/tree/dev). There are three parts in this repo: the Rust library of RelaxedIK, a ROS wrapper around it, and a preprocessing toolkit for robot config files needed for RelaxedIK. To make it more convenient to improve RelaxedIK and build all kinds of wrappers around it, we extract the Rust library from that repo to be relaxed_ik_core. Also, to ease the process of setting up a robot arm with RelaxedIK, we decide to exclude the preprocessing toolkit (which is accessible in [relaxed_ik](https://github.com/uwgraphics/relaxed_ik/tree/dev)) from relaxed_ik_core and instead provide all of the pre-generated config files for some mostly used robot manipulators. The list of available robots include baxter, hubo, iiwa7, jaco7, panda, sawyer, ur5, and yumi. Generally, this version [relaxed_ik](https://github.com/uwgraphics/relaxed_ik/tree/dev) is only recommended if you would like to work on the configuration process yourself or set up a robot that we didn't include in the available options. In that version, you will have the opportunity to (and will have to) set up everything from scratch, including importing a urdf, configuring the collision files, and training the neural network, etc. If you're working on a robot for which we provided config files, relaxed_ik_core and its wrappers are likely to make your life much easier since setting the name of the robot you would like to run in `relaxed_ik_core/config/loaded_robot` will almost be everything you need to do to work with relaxe_ik_core. You will still have the flexibility to change the initial joint configuration in the corresponding info file in `relaxed_ik_core/config/info_files`.